We present a completely new robot
lego mindstorms technical platform
dickinson this product is the result
cooperation with more than 8 lips
teachers from around the world who
participated in the development of new and shop windows
incorporating new sensors
advanced features
programming with
microcomputer new functionality
data logging built-in editor
content new learning materials
electronic workbooks of students and
much more
basic set and showcases oleg platforms
monster mts and wild tire and wind
starts with a new base set or
three basic set completely
optimized for classroom use
it consists of
rechargeable battery which
allows you to refuse to use
batteries as well as a durable compliment for
storage and sorting tray base
the kit includes both upgraded so
and new sensors and motors for example
gyroscopic sensor and medium
servomotor
updated design of the main elements
recruitment streamlines and accelerates processes
modeling allowing students to collect
program and use time-consuming
base robot activities in just 45
minutes new design elements such
as ball turning elements and
new rubber wheels opens new
opportunities for young engineers
new microcomputer or three also
expands pedagogical functionality
advanced programming features
using a microcomputer more memory
4 input and output ports are faster
program execution all possible
connection options with bye
and speed of polling sensors with a frequency of up to
single kilohertz software
or three platform and showcase also includes
in an intuitive visual
language to the brink of en
not developed companies national
instruments, this programming language
used by real scientific
employees and engineers around the world
software also possesses
new registration options
data including programming schedules
data and powerful tools to work with
data arrays do it all or three
powerful platform for carrying
experimental activities
software or three
optimized for classroom and
use the latest developments in the field
ergonomics of file design this is expressed
in an incredibly user friendly
and intuitive interface composition
software go 48
step-by-step tasks demonstrating how
model programming
register data all necessary
you tools and collected on the main
page on the built-in content editor
allows the teacher to easily edit
available training materials
adapt them or just create
many assignments and lessons are electronic
notebooks and make it easier for you to rate
student work
you can see what their progress is
learning materials and and wind platform and
Vitry now include more
30 hours of technical training
developmental disciplines
21st century technical skills
additional study materials
dedicated to space research and
a high school physics course soon also
will be available for purchase
for more information
about and fiber look at our website or
viper balls
ru